# Obtain-realtime-operational-data
In automation industry, it is essential to monitor the operational status of machines. Usually the operational status can be viewed in data log and event log manners.<br />
The monitoring device is called HMI(Human Machine Interface), which can connect to PLCs, servo, and many more and get all data from those controllers in real time. The other monitoring device is called SCADA PC, but it costs more budget than HMI in terms of software license and functionality.<br />
Therefore, the APP is developed to have full functionality in collecting machine’s data in real-time and storing data in CSV file in a time manner on PC. This way provides a cost-effective solution to the automation industry companies.

# Files
1. openpath.csv
  - Contain the default machine’s source IP, file export IP, and HMI IP.

2. gui.py
  - This file is generated by gui.ui which is made by QT Designer

3. main.py
  - Called self-defined modules, thread and detection to run the thread every second to detect the signals generated from the machine.

4. thread.py
  - Automatically execute detection module to detecet the signals from the machine.

5. detection.py
  - Detect the machine's operational status such as operation on/off/abort and record the parameters of each operation.

# NOTE:
This project has been released and sold to several big companies in Japan. Due to confidentiality, I cannot reveal the key codes, however, you may find some useful functionality or tricks I have created.
